Trump meets with Russian official amid impeachment probe
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) speaks next to House Judiciary Chairman Jerry Nadler(L), Democrat of New York, House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence as they announce articles of impeachment for US President Donald Trump during a press conference at the US Capitol in Washington, DC, December 10, 2019. 
Pelosi explains why she gave Trump a big win

Trump lashes out at FBI director for stating facts
U.S. Attorney General William Barr is seen in the Oval Office of the White House on November 26, 2019 in Washington, DC. 
Barr dismisses own agency's watchdog report on Russia probe
Linda Rondstadt Mike Pompeo dinner ac360 vpx_00000102.jpg
Here's what Linda Ronstadt had to say to Mike Pompeo
Washington (CNN)House Democrats are crossing a somber point of no political return as they roll out articles of impeachment Tuesday accusing President Donald Trump of abusing power and obstructing Congress.

The momentous step toward making Trump only the third president to be formally impeached in nearly two-and-a-half centuries of US history comes in a tumultuous third year of his term and only 11 months before the next general election.
"Today, in service to our duty to the Constitution and to our country, the House Committee on the Judiciary is introducing two articles of impeachment, charging the President of the United States, Donald J. Trump, with committing high crimes and misdemeanors," House Judiciary Chairman Jerry Nadler said at a news conference, formally unveiling the two articles against Trump.
Democrats have accused the President of abusing his power by withholding nearly $400 million in US military aid to Ukraine and the prospect of a visit to the Oval Office by new President Volodymyr Zelensky in order to coerce the former Soviet state into investigating potential 2020 foe Joe Biden. Such conduct, they say, is worthy of impeachment because it amounts to bribery, puts Trump's own political goals ahead of America's national interests and effectively invited a foreign power to interfere in a US election.
Democrats to lay out articles of impeachment on abuse of power and obstruction of Congress on Tuesday
Democrats to lay out articles of impeachment on abuse of power and obstruction of Congress on Tuesday
"The scheme by President Trump was so brazen, so clear, supported by documents, actions, sworn testimony, uncontradicted contemporaneous records that it's hard to imagine that anybody could dispute those acts, let alone argue that that conduct does not constitute an impeachable offense or offenses," said Barry Berke, presenting the case against Trump for the Democrats in a Judiciary Committee hearing on Monday.
Republicans have struggled to counter the facts laid out by witnesses drawn from ranks of foreign policy and military officers. But they deny Trump did anything wrong at all, let alone anything that reaches the level of impeachment.
"It's a disgrace. A hoax," the President said at the White House on Monday, without bothering to counter any of the evidence.
The top Republican on the House Judiciary Committee, Rep. Doug Collins of Georgia, meanwhile accused House Speaker Nancy Pelosi of rushing to impeachment -- with expectations that Democrats will hold a full House vote on the issue next week.
"The speaker of the House after hearing one day of testimony in the Judiciary Committee, said, 'Go write articles.' Facts be damned," Collins said.
Democrats counter that Trump has denied more than 70 requests for evidence and blocked testimony from key officials, giving them no choice but to declare that he obstructed Congress in its lawful oversight function. They have elected not to launch legal challenges to compel testimony that could drag on for months.
The prospect of impeachment represents the most serious political reverse yet for Trump. Yet given his habit of skipping past political scandals -- again on display Monday as the Justice Department inspector general debunked his conspiracy theories about the FBI -- it's unlikely he will rein in his convention-busting behavior.
One day, Trump may pay a price for his constant attempts to test the limits of his power, for lying about proven facts at a historic clip and ignoring the convention of his office. Such a reckoning could come at the next election. But such has been Trump's success in reshaping the narrative of the scandals besetting his presidency, it's no sure thing that voters who propelled his victory will side with the Democrats.
It may be that only history can record a damning verdict against the President -- though for future generations, the whirl of confusion on days like Monday will be difficult to understand.